hi this is tim from latest vita games
i'm back with another PlayStation Store
update for the PlayStation Vita of
course in Europe once again so it's not
a huge week in the PlayStation Store and
we have got a few bits and pieces so
let's have a look we have got day d
tower rush which is three pounds
ninety-nine to download now I'm guessing
this is a app style game just under
quick yeah so this is an app style game
so it's probably available pretty
cheaply on your things like your Android
and iOS ipad that sort of thing it's a
tower defense game as well so obviously
you want to think carefully about that
one before maybe you know probably
giving it a mess and having a go at
getting it on yet apple ipad or
something similar and now there are a
couple of other things but i'm going to
need to search for them so here we go
the first one is Mae Young gold I've
probably been out that wrong as usual
now that's available this week I've
always available before but it's not so
that is three pounds ninety-nine again
if you're familiar with a game it's
might be something going to pick up if
not obviously you can probably get it a
lot cheaper or free on android or ipad
iOS and what else is available this week
just trying to think to deliver hi-yah
there's a double pack so if you're
thinking about this getting a zombie
endless runner style game wasn't really
an endless run its kind of well that
kind of was I guess but there is a dead
runnin break quest extra evolution you
can see permittee 99 as a combo so if
you're interested in either of those
games with both of them hits off the
best to buy them together as I said fine
on its own is a rather expensive at
seven ninety-nine so that is those two
now there is something else I'm
searching my memory as I'm talking some
delaying slightly in this video but i'm
pretty sure if i go through to search
again and head into
moto gp 14 I'm hoping that there's going
to be a demo this should be a demo there
please be a demo yes there is a demo so
now lots of people are interested in
trying this game out but didn't want to
spend loads of cash on it so this is
your opportunity to try it out for free
in the demo so definitely worth a look
we're quite enjoying it it's pretty hard
I'm finding it tough as tough as motogp
13 and those other sort of deal so you
can check out in there as well we will
go on to PlayStation mobile whilst I'm
doing that I can tell you this and DLC
you're going to need to search for it
person deal see available for one piece
unlimited read and also another of
number of other games including Muramasa
rebirth and delivered dynasty warriors 8
as well and I think there's a few other
bits and pieces it's just going to need
to look at those titles in search so
let's have a look this week we have got
one two three four we've got you've got
four games again so we have got silver
zombie silver zombie sounds crazy okay
looks crazy your daughter's in a coma
and silver is both the cause and the
remedy saver you'll need to journey
through cows there's something weird
about your family genes okay this looks
crazy and like a zombie okay so there we
go looks kind of interesting for a
PlayStation mobile game and so we might
give it the benefit of doubt as it is
one pound of 39 it's also available oh
it's not available with Android it
doesn't work with Android devices
apparently there you go highway of death
is next is that going to assume up full
speed on fatal road defied death get to
the end unlock new tracks and cars okay
that sounds quite crazy
looks pretty interesting how much is
that one I paid no attention r 1 pound
79 there we go and then we have finally
got on mmm finally got got timor got 3d
gems which is a rather expensive 3
pounds 19 3d gems game genre three in a
row your match so again you might want
to look elsewhere before we decide to
buy this once there's no trial available
and again is a PlayStation mobile game
finally we have got and what have we got
alphabet Island come on alphabet Ireland
99p help Ava rescue her best friend
shiver the zebra Shiva the zebra an
adventure of letters colors and shapes
okay so that's one for kids i'm guessing
although the zebras in a cage which
quite bizarre and is she playing connect
four armed oh ok so that's pretty much
it for this week of course and you can
check out the latest deals actually i
will do that because i think there's a
few to delet deal of the week let's go
now we have got mxgp official motocross
go i definitely recommend you get that
for 1499 i actually am boy full price
and quite enjoyed it so for 1499 home i
would check it out as a good motocross
game he's also ethan micho hunt although
that's pretty I'm sure that's full price
I'm sure that's not discounted there's
no real deal of the week to be had there
and what else have we got we got gaining
on the go category which has come up I
think that's just promoting some games
which is uncharted Invisibles
littlebigplanet kill zone god of war
collection oh god of war collection okay
they took God of War ow so oh no no no
that's the PlayStation why am I talking
about I was thinking about the PSP
version so no that's fair enough get
myself confused now so that's just
normal games they're just chucked mall
in different category and what else have
we got but check out the price drops
there's nothing in PlayStation Plus
football manager is down to thetan
pounds 49 dynasty warriors is 1270
nine Lego The Hobbit 1999 like I maybe
1999 Final Fantasy 1549 and so on so
definitely worth checking those out so
that's it for the update and hope you
enjoyed it so there was actually quite a
few mobile games and a couple of bits of
pieces of software in the main section
and of course the MotoGP 14 demo don't
forget to leave a comment and thumbs up
and of course thanks for watching